Added content on Managing compliance with EC (#96)
redhat-appstudio/docs.stonesoup.io: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/proc_managing-compliance-with-the-enterprise-contract.adoc

= Managing compliance with the Enterprise Contract

The Enterprise Contract (EC) is an artifact verifier and customizable policy checker. The Enterprise Contract helps you keep your software supply chain secure and ensures that the container images comply with your organization's policies. It does this by verifying the security and provenance of builds created through {ProductName}.

{ProductName}'s build process utilizes the link:https://tekton.dev/docs/chains/[Tekton Chains] to generate a signed link:https://in-toto.io/in-toto/[in-toto] attestation of the build pipeline. The Enterprise Contract then uses this attestation to verify the build's integrity and compliance with a set of policies. These policies include best practices and any organization-specific requirements.

.Prerequisites

* You have created an application. 
* You have an upgraded build pipeline.

.Procedure

. Open an existing application and go to the *Integration tests* tab.
. Select *Add integration test*.
. In the *Integration test name* field, enter a name of your choosing.
. In the *Image bundle* field, enter *quay.io/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/pipeline-enterprise-contract:devel.*

+

> TIP: You can find the source for the Tekton pipelines defined in the bundle in the link:https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/build-definitions/blob/main/pipelines/enterprise-contract.yaml[build-definitions] repository. If you want to use a specific version of the pipeline bundle instead of the devel tag, you can select one of the link:https://quay.io/repository/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/pipeline-enterprise-contract?tab=tags[pinned tags]. Each tag name corresponds top a commit sha in the build-definitions repo. If you want be extra secure, you can also use a container image digest to pin it down.

Reviewer: "extra secure" doesn't sound good. How about:
```suggestion
TIP: You can find the source for the Tekton pipelines defined in the bundle in the link:https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/build-definitions/blob/main/pipelines/enterprise-contract.yaml[build-definitions] repository. If you want to use a specific version of the pipeline bundle instead of the devel tag, you can select one of the link:https://quay.io/repository/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/pipeline-enterprise-contract?tab=tags[pinned tags]. Each tag name corresponds top a commit sha in the build-definitions repo. For greater stability you could also use the container image digest in the image ref.
```

> TIP: You can find the source for the Tekton pipelines defined in the bundle in the link:https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/build-definitions/blob/main/pipelines/enterprise-contract.yaml[build-definitions] repository. If you want to use a specific version of the pipeline bundle instead of the devel tag, you can select one of the link:https://quay.io/repository/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/pipeline-enterprise-contract?tab=tags[pinned tags]. Each tag name corresponds top a commit sha in the build-definitions repo. If you want be extra secure, you can also use a container image digest to pin it down.

Author: I've removed the tips from the procedures and added them in the Additional Resources section.

. In the *Pipeline to run* field, enter *enterprise-contract*.
. Optional: Select *Mark as optional for release* if passing this test is optional, and it should not prevent the application from being deployed or released.
. Select *Add Integration test*.
. Trigger a new build by commiting a change in the GitHub repository of the application you are working with.

.Verification

. On your application, go to the *Activity > Pipeline* runs tab.

. For a pipeline run with Type as Test, you can review the status of your test pipeline.

. You can also review pipeline run details, logs, task runs, and security details by selecting a pipeline run with Type as Test. 

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * For information on components in Enterprise Contract, see the link:https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec/main/index.html#_components[Components].

Reviewer: https://enterprisecontract.dev/ is owned by EC team FWIW, so it is a technically a Red Hat site.

> * For information on Enterprise Contract tasks that you can complete using CLi, see the link:https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec-cli/main/index.html[Enterprise Contract CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For information on using the Enterprise Contract command line outside of {ProductName}, see the link:https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec-cli/main/index.html[Enterprise Contract CLI] or link:https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/user-guide/main/cli.html[Using the Enterprise Contract command line].
```

> * For information Enterprise Contract policies, see the link:https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec-policies/index.html[Enterprise Contract Policies].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For information on the Enterprise Contract policies designed for {ProductName}, see the link:https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec-policies/index.html[Enterprise Contract Policies].
```

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="managing-compliance-with-the-enterprise-contract_{context}"]
= Managing compliance with the Enterprise Contract

The Enterprise Contract (EC) is a set of tools to help keep your software supply chain secure and ensures that the container images comply with your organization's policies. It does this by verifying the security and provenance of builds created through {ProductName}.

{ProductName}'s build process utilizes the link:https://tekton.dev/docs/chains/[Tekton] Chains to generate a signed link:https://in-toto.io/in-toto/[in-toto] attestation of the build pipeline. The Enterprise Contract then uses this attestation to verify the build's integrity and compliance with a set of policies. These policies include best practices and any organization-specific requirements.

.Prerequisites

* You have created an application. 
* You have an upgraded build pipeline.

> * You have the link to the image bundle, which contains the Tekton pipeline for your integration test. 

Reviewer: This seems wrong to me. We have a pre-prepared image bundle for running EC. Anyone who wants to create an integration test to run EC can use that same image bundle url.

This line of text applies when the user wants to create their own custom integration test, but it doesn't apply for creating a standard off-the-shelf integration test to run EC.

.Procedure

. Open an existing application and go to the *Integration tests* tab.
. Select *Add integration test*.
. In the *Integration test name* field, enter a name of your choosing.
. In the *Image bundle* field, enter the path to the relevant container image. It must contain a Tekton pipeline that executes your test.

> .. To use the Red Hat Enterprise Contract integration test, enter *quay.io/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/pipeline-enterprise-contract:devel.*

Reviewer: Is there another guide for running an arbitrary integration test? I think like 21 belongs in that guide, but line 22 is correct for an EC guide.

+
TIP: You can find the source for the Tekton pipelines defined in the bundle in the link:https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/build-definitions/blob/main/pipelines/enterprise-contract.yaml[build-definitions] repository. If you want to use a specific version of the pipeline bundle instead of the devel tag, you can select one of the link:https://quay.io/repository/redhat-appstudio-tekton-catalog/pipeline-enterprise-contract?tab=tags[pinned tags]. Each tag name corresponds top a commit sha in the build-definitions repo. If you want be extra secure, you can also use a container image digest to pin it down.

> . In the *Pipeline to run* field, enter the name of the Tekton pipeline you want to run for this integration test.

Reviewer: ...which I see is mentioned below.
